# 9/1/2018 - Volunteer Updates

## Update from Joel:
"I just created four issues in our github project:

https://github.com/orgs/UtahAccessToJustice/projects/1

Also, I just sent an email to Tucker and Noella that i'll attach here
>>>We'd love to talk with or meet with the courts to discuss the possibility of an online process! Keep me updated on that.

Regarding utahexpungements.org, we're taking your feedback to heart and are shifting our focus to fillable forms and login.

## Updates:

	- Two new developers have joined our ranks, bringing us up to a total of 5 devs who are working on this a few hours each Monday.

	- We've begun work on allowing users to save data once they login. What we have so far can be found at https://utahexpungements.org/app/login. We've only spent a few hours on it so once you login it doesn't actually do much, but the sign up and login themselves should be working.

	- We started work on our next form, the Petition to Expunge Records (Conviction). It can be found at https://utahexpungements.org/app/forms/petition-for-conviction.

	- We have created a new page, the "Form Bank," which lets you search for and fill out any form that we have available. It's at https://utahexpungements.org/app/forms. We're linking to the form bank on the home page now to try to encourage people.

	- We have started work on the walkthrough/tutorial on filing a petition to expunge records.  What we have so far can be found at https://utahexpungements.org/app/file-petition.

## Next things we'll do:

	- Keep building out forms

	- Keep building out the walkthrough/tutorial (TurboTax-like experience, hopefully).

	- Keep building out the logged in user experience, including saving their info to a database when they fill out forms.

## Questions:

	- Could you introduce us to the attorneys who run the UofU's monthly expungement clinic? We'd like to talk with them and get their feedback on what we're doing. And ask them if it's something they would be interested in using as part of the clinic.

	- We're thinking about how to best build out the login experience, and think that we will have two types of users: a lay person seeking an expungement for themself, or an attorney (maybe from expungement night) filling out forms with a client. We're considering introducing the concept of an "expungement engagement" or "case" or something similar, which would allow attorneys to view all the clients/cases they have worked on and keep the data for each client separate. However, it would be some more work for that and we wonder if maybe it would be better to start smaller by just allowing a logged in user to have one set of data that isn't silo'ed per "engagement." Any thoughts on this? This is one of the things we'd also like to talk to the people at the expungement clinic about.

	- What forms would you recommend us working on next? What's the biggest bang for the buck? We've been using https://www.utcourts.gov/howto/expunge/#forms as our way to know about the forms, and right now we plan on going through the five different petitions for expungement. Is there something more useful to build out first?

	- At some point, it might be fun for us to meet with you guys again. Thus far, I've been playing the role of evangelizing to the new devs and being the go-between, but I think it would be motivating for my team to meet you guys and have more of a firsthand relationship and experience."