# 7/9/2018 - Volunteer Group Meeting

	- I didn't take notes so this is just a summary
	
	- I'm not Leah and my notes aren't as clever or fun to read
	
	- Luke and I worked on utahexpungements.org. I put together some veererrry rudimentary routes for the app and will work this week on improving the design.
	
	- Luke worked on the screening tool and pushed some code for it

---

*I worked on docketreminder.com. Here was my email to David:*

## *Update from my team's work session tonight:*

*We (hopefully) fixed the issues where the cron job was throwing an error. Thanks Seth for forwarding me the emails with the error messages -- I was able to fix it and make sure the env variables are set correctly. I also stored the env variables in the .bashrc file. Unfortunately i don't know of a way of testing the actual cron job without waiting for tomorrow, but I'm hopeful it will work. If not, I've got something that almost definitely will work.
I changed the email subject to the new text you suggested.*

*"As of Mon Jul 02 2018 at 12:00 AM" -- 12:00am is just coming from the scrape_date column in the database. We thought it had a time in addition to the date, but it looks like it just has the date and so we ended up always printing midnight as the date. Our client alert script runs at 8am every morning, not at midnight. I have updated the email to just print out the day instead of the hour. Also it's now in the format "Monday, July 2, 2018" instead of "Mon Jul 02 2018"*

*I have updated the "Send" button to say "Sign up" instead.*

*Once again, I think I accidentally sent you a bunch of emails (although I don't think any texts went through) in my testing tonight.*

***Remaining things:***

*We still need to get back to you about how hard it would be to send the initial email/text confirming their sign up. I'll get back to you next week about it.*

*Leah is working on fixing the contact form -- there is a bug where it doesn't work unless you select "Both"*

*Before going live, the Twilio account needs to be set up with a credit card and upgraded from a free account. Otherwise, texts will fail to send to real clients.*