#10-30-2019 - Comunidades Unidas Meeting

## Discussing upcoming phases/projects:

What needs to be in the reporting phase.

	* client demographic reach

	* # of services appointments rendered

	* # of evaluations completed

	* # of clients who have received over 6 hours

	* etc...

Going over the scope of adding roles and permissions to the system beyond the admin and staff roles currently in the system, and what each new role would need. Dove into further detail on the additional specs the immigration program employees will need.

Appointments feature specs and integration needs with Google calendar.

Upcoming a new position within the next two months will also require a third party integration because they will be making appointments for other organizations that have partnered with CU on specific programs.

	* Exporting data to Change Machine

	* texting
	
	* tracking donations
	
	* Intake forms in Spanish and kiosk mode
	
	* Follow-up client interactions (not all programs require a follow-up).
	
	* More internal organization features (tbd)
	
	* A kind of "journal" for each program
		* including "program notes", "report summaries", and "invoices"

## Demoed what we have done with the leads phase.

	* Need to add start time for events.
	
	* Went over the remaining work on leads phase.
		* search in the leads list
		* finishing create leads/events
		* duplicate confirm on leads
		* update existing lead
		* contact attempt tracking
		* leads notes
		* convert leads to client

## Phase 5 descision

### Reports:

	* see google doc list for the current requested reports list

	* summary or list or trend over time reports?
		* google business? (ask leonell more on that)
		* tableau?
			* check what non-profit options are available
			* how configurable does it need going forward?
			* how far down the building a BI rabit hole we should go vs integrating a third party
	
	* if we cannot get the phase feature up in time we will schedule time to come in to manually pull the data from the database for each of the reports to prevent fully manual data entry having to be done to create the reports.

### Change Machine Integration

	* big need to cut down on the labor of the double entry this is currently causing by not being integrated with the database

### Text messaging

	* individual messages and reminders
		* individual may need responses from the recepient to be available

	* mass text messages
		* priority is on the mass texting due to the cost savings
		* make sure the common unsubscribe methods are still available

## Manual Reports Review

Went over the report numbers we pulled last time and the impact having that data had on a recent staff meeting to show where they are at on out reach and what programs need to get caught up on follow up.

### Question on the client interactions for SNAP.
	
	* Currently under the nutrition, but it will now need to be moved outside of nutrition into its own program.
	
	* # of people in household
	
	* # of people in the household that should be included on the application
	
	* # of those people that are under 18
	
	* # of those people who are disabled adults
	
	* income for the people on the application
	
	* New application vs recertification

## Client Interaction Forms

	Discussed designing client interaction forms customized to more of the services along with the general interaction notes.

	Went more detail into the VDS daily attention may need to be the next on the list to do this with.

	Looked into comparing the numbers of participants to logged interactions and followed up leads with the current system. Particularly the nutrition program and the nutrition workshops and SNAP applications. Compiled and sent Vicky a copy of the raw reports for this. Discussed doing a full data summary report every few weeks like this until the reporting interface is up and running.

	Number of hours per client is very needed with the VDS daily in particular. (Is this being considered a phase at this time or a side task?)

