# 09-18-2019 - Comunidades Unidas Meeting

## Demos:

	- delete clients feature

	- progress on phase III project

---

## Phase III Client Questions:

	- Is there a way for our system to check if someone is already in the JPLS's system so they don't have to toggle out to check?

	- Will there be an indicator that shows if an integration is active?
	
	- Does a new form need to be added in order to input the JPSL info?
		- If so can questions unneed in our own system be toggled or skipped?
		- Can this toggle be an all or nothing? (extended version of a form or abbreviated)

	- Can a temporary link to the JPLS site where data entry needs to be done be added while this phase is in progress for a quality of life bandaide fix?

	- Can permissions be added so only authorized staff can enter things into the JPLS system from our database.

---

## Reporting Phase Planning Discussion

	- Next set of reporting is due October 15th
	
	- Amount of hours per client report is priority

	- 185 client interactions have been logged in the system to date

	- 500 client profiles have been added to the system to date

	- What tools may be needed to help with reporting?

	- What are teh report "profiles" currently being used?

---

## Leads Phase Planning Discussion

	- leads are internal referrals, outside referrals will need to be completely separate

	- goal is to contact the lead within 48 hours

	- needs to be able to track call attempts and whether the lead is still considered active
		- three attempts max
		- should track type of inactive status when deactivated
			- wrong number
			- no longer interested
			- three attempts no response
			- no longer in Utah
			- etc...
	
	- store just the age of the lead, they will be in the system as a lead to short of a time to need the birthdate, or need to update the age

	- store the phone #, this needs to be a required field, if not provided it shouldn't be input

	- name is a required field

	- services the lead is interested in

	- lead list dashboard similar to the client list

	- event list / report dashboard to show reach of the events

	- data events needs
		- number of attendees
		- number of leads
		- number of leads converted to client
		- date of event
		- description of event
		- location of event
		- service / program associated with
		- notes / attachments
	
	- batch entry for leads

	- ability to create new event at same time as adding new leads

	- leads need their own case notes, but not interactions

	- when a lead is converted to client, the client logs should also create logs for the events the lead attended before converting

	- lead status should be:
		- active
		- inactive
		- converted to client

	- converted to client files should reference the client id

---

## Possible Phase V Ideas:

	- Outside referrals
		- modeled after services/programs
			- for leads
			- for clients
		- we will need a list of the outside referral options
	
	- Text messages
		- for leads
		- for clients
		- by service interest

	- Reports
		- dashboard
		- custom reports
		- pre-made report templates
		- spreadsheet and charts
		- PDF formatting for easier sharing with investors
		- Branding on PDF copies

	- More integrations

---

## Additional request

	- Add a button to go straight from the final step in create a client to adding a client interaction or note to speed up the data entry.
