# 11-19-2019 - Volunteer Group Meeting

## Expungment Project

	* Gathering court dockets for interns to test from. Initially we will be doing this through a manual human assessment to ensure those working on the project understand the elimination points on individuals records.

	* There are some issues brought up currently with parsing longer text from the dockets, so test cases will need to be found to find those break points.

---

## Comunidades Unidas Project

	* Leads updates just has edit events attended and contact status remaining

	* Progress has been made on the reports API.

---

## Open MRS

	* Looks like we will likely be hiring a mid to sr level developer for the project that will be funded by a project within Open MRS. This funding is likely to be secured for 12 to 18 months. The prospective we were negotiating with got an amazing offer elsewhere that looks like it may beat us out on, but really excited for them getting that opportunity.

	* Went into more details of what the project would entail and where they are at as far as necessary updates, bugs, and goals. Currently in discussions with the person who has the funding directly on further details.

---

## OpenConcept Labs Prospective Project

	* Currently talking with OpenConcept Lab about possibling working on an update project with them.

---

## Grants

	* Mary has a line on some grants with deadlines upcoming in December.

---

## Interns Updates

	* Jim is starting his new position soon! Yay! Quick chat about what the new job will be.

	* Quick overview of pending PRs from the interns.

	* Olivia will be taking Jim's spot in the intern program now and Jim will be staying on as a volunteer as available.

	* Overview of pending tasks in the interns' queues on the Expungment Project.

---

## Additional Updates

	* We may be getting PluralSight subscriptions donated to the organization for interns and employees, which is awesome.

	* Flyer printing will be happening very soon.

---

Broke up for group work.

