# 10-29-2019 - Volunteers Group Meeting

First meeting at the new office space! We don't have our actually office ready yet (we're technically here a little early, contract offically starts on the 1st), but we're in the group space today.

## Updates on Comunidades Unidas Project

	* Phase 3 is complete - first integration is live

	* Phase 4 is partially complete. We will be showing the client what we have tommorrow. List and view are ready, create is underway, and update is pending.

## Update on Expungements Project

	* overview of a prioritory software currently only available to attorney's that is doing something similar to ours but with less dataentry effeciency.
	
	* overview on what we can do on expungement day itself
		* at the Salt Palace from 10:30 to 4:00.
	
	* Update on the forms
		* teir 1 through 3 are complete!
		* update on teir 4 and 5's progress and where we're at for finishing those in time for expungement day
	
	* Discussed the pardon option available to people instead of expungments
		* Discussed how Utah's pardon process is so different from other states and why it is easier in many ways to get a pardon over an expungement.
	
	* Going over who is on what in teir 4.
	
	* Discussed adding a "teir 6" to add the forms needed for reductions
	
	* Went over the visitor (not logged in) "bug" (DON'T REFRESH MID CASE)

## Update on OpenMRS

	* prep work for the conference in Mosembeque.

## Update on the work the interns will do:

	* the expungement eligibility screener
		* think tax e-filer for expungements without the filing step
		* should feed into the forms if they qualify
		* maryland's system is a good example and the tool someone built for that
		* went over the barriers the tool will be removing
			* travel, time, expense, ect...
	
	* connecting the expungment forms project and the eligibility tool

## Additional Topics:

Discussed bringing on an additional non-profit to do similar work with them that we do with CU and the possibility on going in jointly with them on a grant to build specific software for them. Went into what we would want in a working relationship with a new non-profit, what we'd hope to help them with.

Discussed the donations we've received so far including a larger one this week.

Open coding for the remaining time.