# 11-13-2019 - Comunidades Unidas Grants Meeting

Discussed exisiting grant application submited in mid October.

Discussed option of submitting part of the database development costs as a line item on various grants CU will be applying for in regards to the impact the database will have on each program's goals. Also went over the prospects on the likelihood of successfully getting those grants in whole or in part and how the request for the database funding varies from staff funding requests CU has tried in the past.

Discussed the option of applying jointly for applicable grants where our goals overlap. On our end the goal of educating new devs through real world work overlaps well with CUs goal of further growing the database and tools we've been developing for them and expanding the positive impact that software has had on their efficiency and saving labor and expense costs.

Discussed the new grant writer we are looking at hiring at this time and what they would be working on in regards to these prospective grants. Went into the tasks their position will entale, such as researching, managaing, and writing applications to various grants.

Discussed the Public Wellfare Foundation grant we have researched and the varied grant sizes they award and how similar that variation is with other foundations. Dove deeper into the whole grant application process overall, what kind of info foundations need to evaluate an organization for a grant. In particular what budgetary information we will need to organize before moving forward more on other grants.

Since we have grown recently we asked Luis's thoughts on extending the same services we've provided to CU to another organization at this time. Asked for recommendations on organizations he thought might be a good fit and better ways to go about reaching out than cold emailing. Discussed the cost barrier of building custom software for any organzation. In terms of software needs he expressed that many organizations are either stuck on mostly paper just like CU was or working from a varied collection of programs either from donar contracts or ease of quick accessiblity. Will be continuing to work with him in regards to possible introductions to other organizations since CU already is familiar with our work and what impact we can make. Fielded some of the organizations we've been considering reaching out it.

Discussed our solo fund raising goals and the possibility of joint fund rasing endevors in the near future for both CU and other organizations.

Discussed what other organizations working at the national level that are doing similar work have been doing and how they have been being funded. 

Discussed subscriptional info to find more grant info and the public data available in the 990 tax forms that may be a good source of grant leads.

Discussed the American Dream grant, and what the scope of a project of the scale that grant would require. Went more into how that could fit our other project for the expungements. Sadly it's due in two days which may not be doable in time to apply.

Discussed the importance of making sure the grant fits the organizations goals not the other way around. 

Discussed the public wellfare type grants currently available and how they do and do not apply to CU's goals. 

Discussed how political leanings of various foundations is worth looking into in advance to ensure that the grant would even be awarded. For example certain foundations will not even fund red states. Others will ask for changes to an organizations mission that may change it outside of it's intended scope.

On a side tangent we discussed some of the benefit options we've been looking at from the non-profit organization membership Luis had previously recommended, such as the possibility of health coverage for our employees and the conference room and printing options available from being a member.

Discussed putting together a list of dates for grants they are already.
