# 9/10/2019 - Volunteers Group Meeting

Introductions for new member

Recap of meeting with the courts from this morning reguarding working directing or beside the courts to create some software to help with the mandates reguarding the new expungement laws.
	
	- Currently up in the air on if it will be remote or in their office.

	- Their stack is Java and Oracle for their database. Some of the application is also but all is being moved to Java. There is currently a commited team for this inhouse there. Their team is being pulled in two directions due to other commitments despite the priority of this project, thus the possible need for an additional team.
	
	- Discussed the steps currently being used in their system to gather all the information needed to generate the pdfs needed for the expungements.
	
	- Discussed how this all relates to the expungement work we have done thus far and the potential impact of the partnership if it goes forward.
	
	- Discussed the current fund raising efforts to fund this project labor wise. The courts funds are already tied up to the max on this project and do not have more to cover the additional team needed.

Discussed what makes up the eligibility for conviction expungments and how that applies programatically to our projects and how much control we'd have over the condition requirements. Reitterated how we need to have legal consultation to verify if we are interpreting the laws correctly at each step. Also the issues with checking statuate changes and such on older cases.

Discussed hiring considerations and labor shifting we may need to do internally to accommodate the courts expungment project if we are brought on.

	- Discussed the pros for working in house with them directly.

	- Discussed how reusable our current work is to this project, pros and cons, and why for security concerns on their end it may need to be a rebuild or custom internal version.

Discussed public portal options for citizens to see if their case has been expunged or not already by the eventual automated system. Including the indentification of the user correctly to avoid privacy violations.

Discussed the older processes used for expunging records, including the old microfilm process.

Discussed notification process for cases old enogh to require manual research.

Discussion of various funding options:

	- Dev loaning programs such as what CodeForAmerica is petitioning companies for and other possible funding options from within the dev community. Also discussed grant writing options we are currently seeking. Seeking donars from some of the big local tech companies since it would be helping their own community. 

	- The national impact of if this project were to succeed and the possibility of reaching out to backing from others seeking this goal at the national level. Discussed the coal mine shutdown and Bernie sending the protestors pizza.

	- The court's current timeline on the expungements project and the May 1st 2020 deadline currently in the law. Also the timeframe that needs to be allotted for prosecuting agencies to object to cases marked as eligible (35 days required by law). Since victim cases are omitted from the automatic process laws it is not expected that many will be objected to at all, especially if the notification to prosecutors clarifies that victim cases have been omitted.

Discussed upcoming follow up meeting to the meeting with the courts from this morning and what the plan is for that meeting, and the possible future meetings passed that. Reitterated the scope of the full project. Discussed who our contacts within the court's team and what they actually do in regards to it as well as their overall position duties.

Discussed the timeline for taking on the project, including allotting for legal reviews, delays, etc... The project management part of the task scope. Discussed possible languages, libraries, and frameworks needed for the project and their effects on the time line and workload.

Reminder about Expungement Day deadline for our own expungement forms project and recapping where we are on the project, including the fee waiver portion of the project's estimated scope.

Discussed some of the features we're working on, on the current expungement project.

Further discussion the limitations regarding the automatic expungement laws and why there is still a real need for our expungement form project that will continue to exist after automated expungments is fully up and running in the courts. Also discussed the set of drug convictions that did not get retroactively reclassified into the categories that could be automatically expunged despite the law changes lowering the severity going for.

Discussed the effects of an expungment and goals of our expungement project, as well as its estimated impact on the community. Discussed the limitations of what we are able to capture at this time, including the out of state charges and what unexpected minor charges can cause you to not qualify. 

Overview the scope of Docket Reminder project.

Discussed the changes to the school zone laws in relatation to drug offenses and the resulting reduction in arrests with the added drug-free zone penalties.