# 11-13-2019 - General CU Meeting

Demoed progress on leads. Our estimate is that this phase will be launched within the next two weeks.

Discussed scope of files project, texting, and customized program forms for client interactions.

Discussed which project to make the priority for phase 5. Decided on reports. Discussed which the priority order for the reports needed and when those reports need to be ready by for the next submission.

Picked the first report to start on to hammer out the feature needs. Discission was to go with the 6 hours report. This report needs to show how many individuals received 6 hours of services, what services/programs those hours were from, and the demographics percentages of this group of clients. Discussed whether this is the same report that covers the total number of hours each program acheived or if it is a separate report. The concensious is that these are two separate reports that just overlap in data. The priority is the count of individuals with 6 hours plus and the programs they used. This is the annual version of this report at this time, but quarterly and monthly may be needed in the future.

Went over the manual report we pulled last week to go over the kind of data we can pull from the system. Preventive Health is by far using the database the most.

Discussed why the 6 hours mark is so import for the organziation to hit with clients. It is the goal most prevent health foundations have set for the benchmark to hit to ensure lasting impact for the individual. The mobile clinic has the longest interactions because the events usually involve doing multiple services happening for each client, which adds up. Discussed where client interactions may have been combined into a single entry where they shouldn't have been on a few inputs and how to resolve spliting those up.

Discussed the texting project further. May be doing it as a small concurrent phase with a smaller version of the reports phase and breaking up the report features into multiple small phases. Went over the cost difference for switching over to an internal interface and Twilio for texting. Also went over the additional queuing process we will need to build in to accomodate the mass texts and how that will affect the phase launch deadline. The biggest impact will definitely be the cost savings going to a few dollars from a couple hundred per month.

Report need to be ready for their reports in December. Discussed the back up option again of coming in and manually pulling the reports for them to ensure they do not have to pool it from paper again this year even if the reports phase for the interface is not complete.

Since the next scheduled meeting is the Wednesday before Thanksgiving we will need to reschedule since Luis and Vicky will be on vacation and Joel will be leaving for the OpenMRS trip after. Rescheduled for Wednesday 11/20, with a tentative backup date of 11/25 if we need to change again.
